NMS-13472: Update table formatting in docs (continued) (#3564)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/flows/setup.adoc

Here we assume that you already have:

* An Elasticsearch cluster setup with the link:https://github.com/OpenNMS/elasticsearch-drift-plugin[Elasticsearch-drift plugin] installed on every Elasticsearch node.
* An instance of Grafana with a compatible version of link:https://github.com/OpenNMS/opennms-helm[OpenNMS Helm] installed.

> == Configuration Elasticsearch persistence

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Configure Elasticsearch persistence
```
Does "configure" work better here?

Apply the changes without restarting by sending a `reloadDaemonConfig` event via the CLI:

.Send a reloadDaemonConfig event through CLI
[source, console]
----
$OPENNMS_HOME/bin/send-event.pl -p 'daemonName Telemetryd' uei.opennms.org/internal/reloadDaemonConfig
----

This will open a UDP socket bound to `0.0.0.0:8877` to which NetFlow v5 messages can be forwarded.

> == Linking to OpenNMS Helm in the web UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Link to OpenNMS Helm in the web UI
```

Author: ```suggestion
== Link the web UI to Helm
```

----

NOTE: This URL can optionally point to other tools as well.
It supports placeholders for `$nodeId`, `$ifIndex`, `$start`, and `$end`.

Once configured, an icon will appear on the top-right corner of a resource graph for an SNMP interface if there is flow data for that interface.

> === Configuring a listener on a Minion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Configure a listener on a Minion
```

admin@minion()> config:update
----

> TIP: If using a configuration management, the properties file can be created and used as startup configuration in `$MINION_HOME/etc/org.opennms.features.telemetry.listeners-udp-8877.cfg`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: If using a configuration management, you can create and use the properties file as startup configuration in `$MINION_HOME/etc/org.opennms.features.telemetry.listeners-udp-8877.cfg`.
```

[options="header, autowidth"]
|===
| Property     | Description
| NetFlow v5   | engineId
| NetFlow v9   | sourceId
| IPFix        | observationDomainId
| SFlow        | agent_address:sub_agent_id
| BMP          | bgpId
|===

== Node cache configuration

By default, each flow document, if {page-component-title} can match the IP address to a node, is enriched with node information.
To reduce the number of queries to the database, the data is cached.

> The following cache properties are available to be set in `$OPENNMS_HOME/etc/org.opennms.features.flows.persistence.elastic.cfg`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following cache properties are available to set in `$OPENNMS_HOME/etc/org.opennms.features.flows.persistence.elastic.cfg`:
```

[options="header, autowidth"]
|===

> | Property                   | Default | Description

Reviewer: Not a big deal, but for this one, we can say "The following optional cache properties ...." and then remove the "Optional" row entirely.

3+| *Optional*
| nodeCache.maximumSize      | 1000    | The maximum size of the cache.
| nodeCache.expireAfterWrite | 300     | Number of seconds until an entry in the node cache is evicted. Set to 0 to disable eviction.
| nodeCache.recordStats      | true    | Defines if cache statistics are exposed via JMX. Set to `false` to disable statistic recording.
|===

== Classification exporter filter cache configuration

A rule in the Classification Engine may define an `exporterFilter`.
To resolve if the filter criteria match the address of an exporter, a database query is executed.
A cache can be configured to cache the result to improve performance.

> The following cache properties are available to be set in `$OPENNMS_HOME/etc/org.opennms.features.flows.classification.cfg`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following cache properties are available to set in `$OPENNMS_HOME/etc/org.opennms.features.flows.classification.cfg`:
```

[options="header, autowidth"]
|===

> | Property                                   | Default | Description

Reviewer: Same as above, we can say "The following optional cache properties ..." then remove the "Optional" row from the table.
